Coding conventions for pattern matching (#277)
runtimeverification/vlsm: CODING_CONVENTIONS.md

### Definitions

- C-style name

> - If the definition doesn't fit into a single line, indent its body with 2 spaces starting in the next line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if a definition doesn't fit into a single line, indent its body with 2 spaces when starting on the next line.
```
